---
icon: user-group-simple
---

# Roles and Responsibilities

This policy defines the roles and responsibilities related to project marketing – including project events, photography and videography, client testimonials and case studies, project content development, and project asset management.

The Marketing team is designated as the lead department for project marketing efforts, and the communications and branding team provides supplemental assistance. The marketing team members serve as the primary point of contact for project teams and their individual project marketing needs.

&#x20;

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th width="187"></th><th valign="top"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Task</strong></td><td><strong>Marketing Team Responsibilities</strong></td><td><strong>Communications Team Responsibilities</strong></td><td valign="top"><strong>Branding and Graphics Team Responsibilities</strong></td></tr><tr><td><h3>Project Events</h3></td><td>Work with project teams to coordinate project-specific events, including groundbreakings, topping outs, and grand openings. This includes coordinating any client-specific requests, event gifts, team member gifts, event photography, and PPE.</td><td>Work with marketing team members and project teams to provide project-specific event press releases and support any client communication requests.</td><td valign="top">Provides recommendations and guidance for any event branding needs. This includes event gifts, team member gifts, PPE, and any other branded event collateral.</td></tr><tr><td><h3>Photography</h3></td><td>Work with <a href="mailto:anna.mcgough@robinsmorton.com">Anna McGough</a> to coordinate final project photography needs. If the marketing team member would like their project to be considered for a True Builder photo shoot, please contact <a href="mailto:kklaproth@robinsmorton.com">Katy Klaproth</a>.</td><td>Work with <a href="mailto:anna.mcgough@robinsmorton.com">Anna McGough</a> and <a href="mailto:kklaproth@robinsmorton.com">Katy Klaproth</a> for any project photography needs that may support communications deliverables.</td><td valign="top"> </td></tr><tr><td><h3>Videography</h3></td><td>Coordinate videography production for marketing and sales support efforts. Refer to the video production policy and procedures for specific steps/details.</td><td>Coordinate videography production for communications efforts. Refer to the video production policy and procedures for specific steps/details.</td><td valign="top"> </td></tr><tr><td><h3>Client Testimonials &#x26; Case Studies</h3></td><td><p>Track project progress for potential case study candidates. Participate in client case study information gathering calls with the Communications team to provide input, help engage the project team, and learn the case study process.</p><p>Lead final project information capture interviews for projects useful only in a sales capacity. For example, small projects or confidential projects.</p></td><td>Work with Marketing team members to select key projects for case study information-gathering sessions, focusing on projects likely to be used in major internal and external deliverables, such as award entries, project website descriptions, press pitches, and speaking proposals, among others.</td><td valign="top"> </td></tr><tr><td><h3>Content Development</h3></td><td><p>Develop content related to sales pursuits, marketing materials, or case studies. You may also call upon Serena Hall for support.</p><p> </p></td><td>Develop press materials, social media posts, award entries, web copy, and other internal and external communications deliverables.</td><td valign="top">Assist with any branding for social media posts, award entry templates or other visual components to support content.</td></tr><tr><td><h3>Project Asset Management</h3></td><td>Lead asset management for your respective projects, including updating project data to Unanet, uploading self-captured or sales content to Joist, and adding safety-approved photos to OpenAsset.</td><td>Upload relevant completed content and/or interviews for communications deliverables to Joist and ensure all photos used for social media or Awards are added to OpenAsset. Flag any inconsistencies between Unanet project data and new data and check with Marketing before updating the Unanet record.</td><td valign="top"> </td></tr></tbody></table>

&#x20;
